📖 Document Integration With External Tooling (#63)
pcaversaccio/createx: README.md

- [Manta Pacific Testnet](https://pacific-explorer.testnet.manta.network/address/0xba5Ed099633D3B313e4D5F7bdc1305d3c28ba5Ed)
- [Frame Testnet](https://explorer.testnet.frame.xyz/address/0xba5Ed099633D3B313e4D5F7bdc1305d3c28ba5Ed)

## Integration With External Tooling

> A list of external tooling that integrate [`CreateX`](./src/CreateX.sol):

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
A list of external tooling that integrates with [`CreateX`](./src/CreateX.sol):
```
